- I am not eating any food
for the next thirty days.
- Wait, won't you be hungry?
- [Jimmy] This is what
I currently look like,
and I weigh 220 pounds.
And when I say no food, I really mean it.
This was the hardest
I've ever pushed my body
in my entire life.
Seriously, do not try this at home.
I had a whole team of doctors
watching me every single day.
They kept track of all
my vitals, like these,
to ensure I didn't have
a heart attack, or worse.
Thanks, doctors!
And if I for any reason eat
food in the next 30 days,
Chris, you get to shave my head.
- No way! - Yes.
- There's no way he is going to 30 days.
We're shaving his head.
- The challenge has officially begun.
- Guess you won't need these.
(ceramic plate shattering)
- You're right. And
since I'm not eating for
the next 30 days,
I might as well get rid of
all the food in my house.
- Or are you eating?
- I'm not. - Or are you?
- I'm not eating.
And can you guys help me
get rid of all this food?
- Or is he?
- It's like legit, take all my food.
I don't want a single calorie
of food in this house.
- Jimmy, question.
If a fly flies into your mouth,
cause your mouth is open,
and you accidentally swallow
it does that count as eating?
- Uh, probably.
- Yeah, we're that serious.
- Enjoy the food!
I'll see you guys later.
You forgot the Cheetos. - Ow!
Tomorrow, we're bi...
- [Jimmy] Say it to the door.
All right, the challenge
is now getting serious.
The boys are gone, and my
kitchen is completely empty.
Also, Chris accidentally
broke my microwave.
(ceramic plate shattering)
- The microwave broke.
- Thanks a lot, Chris.
I'm laying in bed about to go to sleep,
and it feels weird not
having a snack before bed.
I'm staying strong.
I'll see you guys tomorrow.
Typically when I wake up
the first thing I do is
I go eat breakfast, but
obviously I can't do that now.
So, I guess I just go film videos.
The only thing going in
my mouth for the next
twenty-eight days is water.
Let's go see how much weight I've lost.
To be honest, I probably
weigh basically the same.
Yeah, like I said.
And I'm about to go start
filming a different video;
so today's gonna be a
pretty difficult day.
And the video we're filming is,
we're seeing if this man
can spend a hundred days
in this circle.
Comment which you think is harder,
spending a hundred days in a circle,
or not eating food for 30 days.
Filming on a completely empty stomach is
much harder than it sounds.
By the end of it, I was drained.
(Jimmy weary sighing)
That's probably like four
or five hours of filming,
and honestly, man, I need to go to bed.
I'm tired now.
- Hey, Chan-Chan, what you got there?
- [Chan] Oh, just some McDonald's.
- I'm blowing the smells your way.
- You are.
- Jimmy, you want to eat me.
- It's the end of day number two.
Not gonna lie, I'm actually really hungry,
and yeah, I'll see you guys tomorrow.
A lot of people say that
days three through six
are the hardest, but for
the most part I feel fine.
I'm just a little sluggish.
And I just feel tired.
Taking my first poop
since I started fasting.
(background bell chiming)
How much do I weigh?
So, I'm down two and a half
pounds in the last day.
That's actually pretty crazy.
But it does make sense,
because I took a giant poop this morning.
We're about to do a photo
shoot for my snack brand,
Feastables.
And it sucks, because I can't eat 'em,
and this is making me hungry.
That's me smiling through the pain.
You need me to take a bite of this?
- Yes.
- They want a photo of me
taking a bite of the bar.
Can I have permission?
I'll spit it out, I promise.
- [Chris] Yeah, you can
do that, if in the picture
you can have a shaved head.
- [Jimmy] I hate you.
All right, I'm hanging up.
Fake biting chocolate!
This morning I was like,
"Yeah, I'm not that hungry.
This isn't too hard."
Now I'm like, "Bro, I need to eat food."
The boys told me they
have a surprise for me.
Which is basically a
nice way of them saying,
they're about to torture me.
- We just rented an ice cream truck.
- Cause we wanna shave Jimmy's head.
(frozen confection thudding)
Oh, I'm sorry, Tareq!
- All right, let's go!
(truck speaker trilling
Turkey in the Straw melody)
Yeah!
Oh, Jimmy!
- I hear music outside,...
- [Chandler] Jimmy!
- and now they're screaming my name.
- [Chris] Jimmy!
- Oh my gosh.
- [Chan] Hey.
- Hey, we got ice cream.
- [Jimmy] Did you use
my credit card for this?
- Of course we did.
What, would we use our own money?
- Of course.
Screw you guys.
It just clicked in my head
that these goofy, goobers
are gonna be try to tempt
me this entire time.
(frozen confection hitting house)
They're literally throwing
ice cream at my window.
- [Tareq] Oh my God.
(strained yelling)
(glass window shattering)
Did you guys just break the window?
- Jimmy!
- Jimmy, watch out for the
broken glass in the ice cream.
- You guys do realize I'm
renting this from a friend?
- [Friend] Hey, Jimmy, catch.
(frozen confection thudding)
Did you guys have fun?
- We have one more little trick.
- Oh, one more, of course.
- We do have one more.
- Let me guess you ordered pizza?
(background crickets chirping)
Okay, get out here.
Come on, all you guys go.
Merry Christmas! Happy Hanukkah!
The boys smashed a window,...
(window glass shattering)
and it doesn't seem safe
to sleep in a house with
an open window.
I decided to just sleep
over at a friend's house.
It's the morning.
And I woke up with a headache.
Doc said it should go
away within a day or two;
it's pretty normal.
So yeah, I'm probably
not gonna do much today.
Despite that I managed to drag
myself to the weigh in set,
turns out I lost another half a pound.
Good progress.
Anyways, back to bed
for the rest of the day.
Today is day five.
I'm going to check with the doctor,
check on the guy in the circle,
film some tik toks, and
then figure out how I buy
a private island for a
hundred million subscribers.
All right, I weigh 212.2 pounds.
I lost another three pounds
over the last 24 hours.
- Where does it go?
- Bro, I don't know.
- We should find it.
- Currently, I'm getting
blood work done to prove
to you guys, and Chris
that I haven't eaten.
Main thing I'm gonna be
looking for is a hormone
called leptin.
It will tell me whether
you're eating, or not.
They're gonna take a
couple days to come in.
- We'll await the results.
(electric razor buzzing)
- Today is day number six,
and for whatever reason,
I'm feeling really good.
I don't wanna get cocky,
cause I still have 24 days left,
but I'm starting to think
this is actually possible.
You guys know the deal,
two hundred and ten point one pounds.
Well, we're on 210 exactly.
Wow. This is Bitcoin this year.
And now it's time to go
check on the guy we trapped
in the circle.
We're filming the hundred
day in circle video.
And after talking really
loud, for a long time,
I'm very tired.
So I'm gonna just take a nap, probably.
So I did take a nap, in this guy's house,
and then we finished filming.
Need anything else?
- No, I think I'm good.
- See you in a week.
- A week.
It's currently midnight, and
the boys asked if I wanted
to hang out.
They're all just nomin' away.
I'm not gonna lie, in this
moment I am contemplating
shaving my head so I can eat some nachos.
Those look really good.
- You can have them.
(suspenseful background tune trilling)
- All right, I'm sticking to my water.
- Your loss.
- [Videographer] Good
morning, Jim. How you doing?
- I'm doing phenomenal,
because it's officially been
a week since I ate food.
And what better way to
celebrate this milestone
than some ice balls?
(ice spheres clattering)
(noisy ice crunching)
Ow! This was a lot funnier
in my head after seven days
without food; cut me some slack.
(ice cracking in sink)
This next shot is brought
to you from the side,
because Tareq didn't hit record.
Oh my gosh, I'm down almost
12 pounds since we started
in only a week.
Day seven was really busy.
First, I did my vital check at the studio.
(plastic packaging crackling)
- [Studio Worker] Bad, bad, no.
- Who left these laying around?
I want it so bad.
- [Studio Worker] Don't.
- You eat it for me.
Let me just watch you eat this Oreo.
This is sensational.
(background audience groaning)
Then I checked out some in progress sets
from an upcoming video.
And finally, me and Carl
filmed with Quackity
for the rest of the day.
- Well, I don't understand how
this constitutes as a talent.
- Mental toughness is a challenge.
I have ate food in seven days.
- What?
- [Jimmy] This challenge
is definitely starting
to wear me down.
So, um,...
(distant vehicle engine roaring)
For one of our coming up videos we're...
(diesel engine roaring)
Thank you, truck.
What I was trying to say,
is the chocolate factory
set was being built,
and I wanted to show you.
This is a chocolate fountain,
and that's how much chocolate
it requires to fill it.
Bro, being around these candies
are making me so hungry.
Why did we have to film
this during my fast?
The boys sent me a random DM saying,
they're playing basketball.
It's probably a horrible
idea, but screw it.
I literally air balled my first shot.
- [Nolan] He's definitely
a lot less energetic,
making less shots.
I didn't realize how weak
I was from not eating.
But despite that, I still
managed to score a little.
(Jimmy excited cheering)
So funny story, I just pooped,
and that's significant,
because this was my first
poop in over a week.
So I did some Googling,
and apparently this is a normal thing.
Not gonna lie,
it, it feels so weird to poop again.
I was recording some videos
for the reaction channel,
and it really just, it drained me, man.
- It's almost Jimmy James nap time.
He is low on calories.
- I'm, I'm low on the energies.
I also just didn't sleep
that well last night,
but I can barely keep my eyes open.
I'm on a couch in the studio,
and I'm literally just sleeping.
(background windows
computer tonal chiming)
On day 10 I flew out to New York,
to meet with Mark Rover.
Me and mark are about the
talk on the stage in front
of a bunch of very important people.
And I'm tired, and haven't ate food.
- I didn't know was
scientifically possible
to survive that long without food.
- [Jimmy] But back home, the
boys had their own plans.
- While Jimmy's in New York,
Tareq let us into his house,
and we've been filling
it with food all day.
- I've been eating all day.
- Stop. - Okay.
- [Mark] We removed
thirty-two and a half billion
pounds of trash.
(frame glass shattering)
(hammer loud tacking)
Brings us step closer to a cleaner world.
- Oh! - What? Stop!
You're making it splosh.
- [Jimmy] I recently
launched a chocolate brand,
and I thought it would be
fun to give you guys all some
chocolate bars.
(show audience cheering)
(background rock tune riffing)
- The talk went great,
and now I'm exhausted.
I'm going to bed.
- When Jimmy gets back
from New York, guys,
he's not gonna know what
hit him, but it was us.
He's definitely gonna eat,
and then we get to shave his head.
- Team Us!
(hands slapping)
(slow background melody chiming)
- [Jimmy] Hello?
- [Tareq] Hey, Jim.
Hey, listen, I can explain.
Were you in on this?
- [Tareq] I filmed it.
- Oh, it smells so good in here.
Please tell me it was just down here?
My bed?
Bro!
How badly do they wanna shave my head?
I'm FaceTiming Chandler.
What is this?
- Ya hungry?
- Yes, actually.
My stomach pain went
away for the most part,
but now it's throbbing.
- [Chandler] Did you check
under the toilet seats?
(background techno tune blaring)
- No, and because you said
that I'm not going to now.
- I'm in a chocolate factory,
watching people eat chocolate.
And it's been 12 days since I ate food.
Thirteen, twelve?
I don't even know what day.
And the day only got worse from there.
I was so nauseous that I couldn't film for
more than 20 minutes without
sitting down for a break.
Oh my God, I'm gonna throw up.
At one point, I almost scrapped the
chocolate factory video,
because I was so low energy.
- [Videographer] You want
to sit down for a second?
(Jimmy fatigued groaning)
And by the end of the day, I
felt like I was gonna pass out.
So we headed to check with the doctor.
(background show tune blaring)
I'm getting pretty low on energy.
So I'm gonna talk to the doctor,
and see what we should do.
- I think we should shave your head.
And then you can eat, and
then you'll feel better.
- True, it is actually
kind of tempting right now.
I really am hungry.
- Your hormone levels came back,
and it shows you are
doing good with your fast.
- I believe you.
I saw you sleep eight times today.
- It's definitely starting
to catch up to me.
- Your electrolytes still look good,
but I'm a little bit concerned
about your energy level.
When you start to feel worse,
we can always break the fast for your...
- Uhhh... - safety.
- Yeah, we can break the
hair off of your head too.
- And this is why you
need medical supervision
when you do these long fast.
I don't know what I'm doing.
I'm listening to him.
- [Videographer] Good night, man.
We'll see you on chocolate
factory tomorrow.
(Jimmy groggy muttering)
(ambient background melody chiming)
- [Jimmy] I had to fly out on day 13,
so I weighed myself from home.
That's 18 pounds under where
I started in just two weeks.
We're heading to Vegas
to film a quick clip
with Gordon Ramsey.
All this flying's really
start to catch up with me.
- [Flight Attendant] Would
you like some peanuts?
- Uh, no.
I would not like peanuts.
50 minutes past midnight,
so it's actually officially day 14.
It has been two weeks,
since I last day food,
our hotel room had a
bunch of snacks in it,
and Nolan won't stop
eating them in front of me.
- All I know how to do is eat chips.
- Tomorrow we're gonna be
cooking food for Gordon Ramsey,
or today cause it's 1:00 AM.
I'm hungry; I'm going to bed.
While filming with Gordon Ramsey,
I was trying to stay upbeat,
but I was really dying on the inside.
We just filmed with Gordon
Ramsey from one of our videos.
He has informed me, he
wants to cook me something
for his channel.
- But you can't eat.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
As far as YouTube channel,
Carl can taste test for me.
You know, it's how he's
one of the greatest chefs
to ever live, and by not
eating it I'd be passing up
a golden opportunity.
- Welcome to Scrambled, where
I'm cooking my favorite dish,
scrambled eggs.
With some close friends,
and today please welcome Mr. Beast.
- Thank you.
(hands clasping)
What a great hype, man.
I have to also say I'm doing
a video where I try not
to eat food for 30 days.
And if I do, I have to shave my head.
I'm gonna try not to eat what he makes.
I'm gonna make a sandwich,
and you're telling me now you're not gonna
(background record scratching)
eat it?
- It depends, unless it looks really good.
Uh oh, I pissed Gordon Ramsay off.
- Just take a little bite, right?
How do you fast for 30 days?
- Well, I'm not a doctor, so
I don't want to tell you how.
- When was the last time you had a poo?
- Uhh, oh God.
(men chuckling)
That does sound smell good.
- It's somehow...
- You're gonna make me cry.
- [Gordon] These are so special.
- Holy crap.
- They're beautiful.
- Oh my gosh.
- Breakfast sandwich...
Young man, come here.
At least take a bite.
You'll be the first person
in my entire career,
that I've cooked something
from start to finish...
If he's... Please,...
Just...
(Gordon chuckling)
- All right, I'll take one bite.
And I have to spit it out technically,
cause the refeeding syndrome,
but I still want to just taste it.
- So, you're breaking the fast?
- I'm gonna break the fast.
(background ethereal chiming)
- [Gordon] It's supposed to
be sloppy, rich, delicious...
- [Jimmy] I love it, I love it.
It's the best thing I've ever tasted...
in my life.
But you can't just have an influx of carbs
after not eating 14 days.
- Happy with that?
- I am, very happy.
Thank you.
(hands smacking)
- Right!
- I feel energized just having that in me.
Bro, after fourteen days...
There you have it, this jerk...
(Gordon chuckling)
is gonna make me shave my head.
Let's go do it.
A deal is a deal.
Chris, you can shave my head.
- Why do we have so many razors?
- I hate you, Gordon!
- I love you, Gordon. Thank you.
You ready? - Go for it.
I'm scared I'm going to mess
up, but I literally can't...
- Oh, lovely, lovely.
- Oh!
- That feels oddly good.
Tareq's just behind the camera like...
- Here let me...
- Just get it over with!
- I'm gonna leave you a little unicorn.
- Gosh.
(electric razor buzzing)
- Oh my God, that was so much hair.
- Oh, okay.
Okay, just let me see
that side real quick.
Look how thin the side of my head is.
I, all right, you know what?
I'm ending the video here.
I didn't trust Chris
with the razor anymore,
so this is my barber finishing up.
And this is the only
time you're gonna see me
like this.
For the next five months,
I'm gonna be wearing a hat.
Goodbye!
(background singer soulful vocalizing)
- You won't be needing these anymore.
(plate clattering)
It's a good plate.